So why do I love my job? I love my job. I love my country. And this Navy
allowed me to the words of a father Are they joined the Navy and
see the world? So I loved it because they may be allowed me. I was born
in Brooklyn, New York. I've never been out of work before, joining
maybe of the Naval Academy and and then going on to a special career
being commissioned and let me see the world and go out there as
a naval officer and represent our country to all the foreign countries
that I invented. So I really loved traveling. I really loved learning
and, uh, graduating and having a great job to go to, and they paid
me to Do you have a great time and learn how to be a professional
label? Awesome. And this is where Well, the ad says, it's a journey
is a job. It's a career is a profession and a lifestyle. The naval
officer was a great experience that I won't very much